[Music]
I wasn't going to show you guys this um
like how nervous I am cuz I'm a very
cool confident person but right now I am
nervous and hungry a little my context I
am here in San Diego for the Adobe MAX
conference this year I am one of four
Adobe Creative residents and it's
basically like anyone's dream job Adobe
basically provides me the opportunity to
just pursue my passion projects for a
year and I am pretty much halfway
through it and it has been amazing and
along with that I get the opportunity to
travel and talk at places and so the
Adobe MAX conference is a massive
creativity conference that happens every
year over 10,000 people are in
attendance this morning at the keynote
the dude on the stage in front of 10,000
people like send my name and this year's
residents are working across a range of
disciplines and diverse projects for
example there Sarah deechi there Aditi
there earlier this three the spaces
YouTube series takes viewers into the
lives of creative professionals like
yourselves but here are the conference
I'm giving two completely different
talks last night at 1:00 a.m. I
discovered that one of my talks that I
just wasn't prepared for at all is today
instead of tomorrow so I lost a day of
preparation no event no amount of news
in my life has ever made me physically
sick before but last night I literally
felt like I needed to throw up I'm about
to head to the convention center to do
my session like I finished my PowerPoint
um and I know once I get up there I'm
gonna be fine but right now is a
different story it'll be fine
I'll be good I'm I'm very excited for it
[Music]
okay so this is dude sure we did at me a
couple months ago and he was like Sara
convinced my parents that I can skip
schools and Adobe MAX conference and I
made a video I made a Twitter
and look he's here how was it Dobie last
conference so far yes did I follow you
on twitter I don't think so we speed all
the time
[Music]
stunning and what is this view oh I
didn't know who are on the water
we're literally on the water this will
be interesting because I think I'm on
the list
I don't know if I am
[Music]
very same study I like
you can really customize
[Music]
I was just an apple checking out the new
touch bar on the new MacBook so now I'm
Harris my new friend hello I'm here I'm
really excited to check out the tile
I'm telling you I was on Twitter and I
was reading not going to the vet so
that's it so surface is about two things
that you unbelievable scribbles can we
build a screen to scratch and then the
other thing the surface is all about so
the first thing is basically when you
rotate the device you have this amazing
profile so there's no underbody or
undercarriage or all of the guts and
internals are found in the base and it's
meant to be moved and pulled across
into what we call studio so it just
starts undoing and you can go right back
to it by hand this every layer
individually and so if you want to go
back to the darker purple here is the
creative residency booth I'll be hanging
out here
but ton look at that hi oh that's a cool
hat Craig stay peachy so make sure you
follow me on Twitter a lot of stuff
happens on the Twittersphere
[Music]
sans look reppin the peachy
my adobe long he's made PG hats for
giveaways
a successful first day I'm here with
Craig with the cave
it's pretty crazy today you tired I'm
pretty exhausted the stress of not
knowing that my topless today
well freaks me the heck out but it went
well
like I think it went well
I survived I survived and now it's just
time to boot
boosted word update we are going too
fast so no hats but here's a quick
low-light update for the Sony rx100 mark
5 it's pitch black the only thing that's
illuminating me right now are these like
5 Randle lights and I think it's true it
pretty good from from I feel so good
outside so there is a plain fancy plane
it's crazy you don't understand truly
how massive this is until you're here
Craig massive boat aircraft carrier the
first time I actually went really well I
was very very nervous before just
because of the like curve ball that it
was on a day before then I thought it
was but once I get up there in front of
people like the nerves just completely
disappeared I met some really cool
people and it's so crazy the diversity
of people are at max and all the
different fields and backgrounds they
come from Hut but yeah after my talk it
got me more pumped up for the talk that
I'm giving tomorrow Adobe MAX has been
something that I've been thinking about
for a very long time so the anticipation
up to it was so nerve-wracking but once
once you get it done and like you do it
and it's fun it's like okay let's do
that again best part about Adobe MAX
best part about conferences and journal
the people and I'm gonna go work the
night away until next time stay peachy
okay bye
[Music]
no future ba and I'm afraid of me